docs: update combobox reference (#14922)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/controls/ComboBox.md

uid: Uno.Controls.ComboBox
---

# ComboBox

The `ComboBox` is designed to select a value in a set of items. For more info about its usage, 

> [please refer to the Microsoft documentation.](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uwp/design/controls-and-patterns/combo-box)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[please refer to the Microsoft documentation.](https://learn.microsoft.com/windows/apps/design/controls/combo-box)
```
